ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/SensorStatusFragment.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.SensorStatusFragment
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/CreateImageFragment.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.CreateImageFragment
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/PlayerService.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.PlayerService
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/History.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.History
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.ui.home.HomeFragment
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/CalculatorFragment.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.CalculatorFragment
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/RecordService.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.RecordService
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/AudioRecordFragment.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.AudioRecordFragment
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/ui/SimpleWebViewClientImpl.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.ui.SimpleWebViewClientImpl
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/BrouserFragment.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.BrouserFragment
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/Mathematics.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.Mathematics
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.ui.home.HomeViewModel
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/SettingsFragment.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.SettingsFragment
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/BuildConfig.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.BuildConfig
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/MusicFragment.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.MusicFragment
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/HistoryAdapter.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.HistoryAdapter
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.HistoryAdapter$ViewHolder
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/HistoryFragment.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.HistoryFragment
ru/mirea/makarov/mireaproject1/MainActivity.java
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.MainActivity
 ru.mirea.makarov.mireaproject1.MainActivity$1
